what's up guys and black ops amazing
welcome to her in the black ops 2
zombies video on this channel so i hope
you enjoyed this video guys if you do
make sure you smack that liable and in
the face if we could smash 100 likes on
this video that would be absolutely
amazing click the subscribe button on
screen now for more videos from me check
the links in the description for
facebook twitter and many more and
Andrew so for a while now I know we've
all been thinking that the map packs put
together will spell fear us well it's
all changed now we know that this next
map pack is going to be called vengeance
and it won't make sense so it can't be
called fear us anymore so if we just
start from call of duty black ops where
it all began we have the four map packs
which started with first strike then it
was escalation than annihilation then
resurrection which spelled fee and then
we go into black ops 2 and we thought
that we would end up spelling r us
because we first got revolution and then
we got uprising and then we thought the
next map pack would begin with an S but
it doesn't it begins with AV Sophia Ross
is totally out of the question I
actually don't know why I we thought
that anyway because I don't think Russ
man is all that bad but moving on I've
got two ideas and theories on what it
could be so the first one is fear Teddy
and I'm going to tell you how it could
be that in just a second and the second
one is fear roover so if we start off
with fear / or / don't are you pronounce
it but if you put this in on google
search you will actually get loads of
links taking you to the voice of russia
a different russian website stuff like
that you put it in on a YouTube and
you'll get the meteor strikes what
happened in Russia so you'll get loads
of different Russian things no the only
character that links to Russia in
colleges zombies from what I can
remember anyway is Nikolai and if you
can remember a mob of the dead now I
know this doesn't relate to any of the
map pack but just to say a mob of the
dead we did hear the name Nicholai
Nicholai Nicholai you know the weasel
actually kept saying that I'm just
saying I'm not saying they're that mob
of the dead has got anything to do with
any other map packs but I thought of
just pointing that out anyway so fear
Nikolai could be the first one I don't
know how we could be evil we know that
in World War two Russia and Germany
weren't good friends so maybe stuff
could happen between that I don't know
we could get a whole new twisted
storyline but that's the first one
anyway that's nickel I don't think
that's the biggest possibility but I
thought to share that with you guys
anyway and I think the year the best
possibility that I'm going to tell you
guys and there may be many more if you
can think of any
to tell me in the comments i bought this
one it i think does quite make quite a
bit of sense so this one is fear teddy
so how does this one work well obviously
we've got fear from the first black op
map packs and then when we go on to
black ops 2 you have to take the end of
each zombies map name so we've got
transit 40 it derives we've got the last
letter which is an e 40 e and we've got
mob of the dead the last letter for that
is d so that's Ted and then bowed the
last letter for that is d so that's Ted
we've got so far with a double D yeah
kind of funny and at the end the last
map pack map pack for we're gonna be
getting something ending in Y which
makes teddy well that's just another
theory anyway so you might be thinking
well why is it fear Teddy we've had
teddy going all throughout college exam
bees you know we've got him next to the
mystery box you can find him all around
the zombie maps it's like a little east
direction area to find the Teddy with
the hooks the tell you of the knife you
just find him absolutely everywhere any
is a big part in college zombies that I
think to how fear Teddy would make a lot
a lot of sense so I think that one again
could really work if you take a look at
this picture as well you see Samantha
here holding her teddy or maybe like the
devil could be trapped inside of the
Teddy or something I don't know maybe
that's head could be evil he's the one
helping to geld these zombies or helping
the zombies to gain power I don't know
II think there's a load of possibilities
I think this is a really awesome one as
well so hope you enjoyed this video guys
that's basically it there's two little
Theory ideas here I want the next map
could be called you know what it could
down with what all the map packs will
join together and be called so hope you
enjoyed this video guys make sure you
smack the I button if you did if we get
past 100 likes that will be amazing
click the subscribe button on screen now
if you want to see some more videos from
me thank you for watching guys and until
next time peace aww
you